Clean up repository agent guidance (#2878)
richlander/dotnet-inspect: docs/templates/decompiler-pr.md

**Conclusion:** **PASS/REVIEW/BLOCKED** — {one sentence with the decisive reason}.

### Original source

<!--
Required when authoritative original source is available. Delete this section

> only after checking with dotnet-inspect, including SourceLink.

Author: ```suggestion
only after checking with dotnet-inspect (relying on SourceLink).
```
